Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We said we would change.
Ain't I been waiting, Rick?
Don't make me do this.
I need to know if there is
something here worth saving.
It's nice to see that family
is still important
to some people.
You hear things about someone,
but they never really add up
until you get them right in
front of you, face to face.
How much is this gonna cost me?
Just $15,000, but before we
get to the money, you have to...
I wanna hear it from him.
Okay, well he... he is the key
to this whole thing, but...
Good, good, because I wanna
hear him tell me.
Um, so, have you ever been
to the farmer's market?
No.
Hey Charlie,
you ready for another?
You know a man of lesser character
would've cut me off by now, man.
You're my best customer.
Just wait until your
lunch time crowd comes,
you'll forget all
about old Charlie.
You are the lunch time
crowd, buddy.
Yeah, cheers to that.
Shots?
The farmer's market,
is like this dope ass place
where they sell a bunch
of organic shit.
It's like this big fuckin',
uh,...
Think non-corporate
free-trade capitalism.
Honest business
without the middle man.
- Thanks.
- Cheers buddy.
So Nikki was like...
We were thinking that maybe I
could open up a stand there, too.
Hey barkeep.
What'll it be, darlin'?
I don't know, what's good?
Order a bloody Mary.
I always like it when girls
order bloody Marys.
And why's that?
Because I'd never order
one myself, I guess.
They're sexy and something
mysterious about them.
I'll have a bloody Mary.
Aww, ain't that sweet?
We've got a flat light beer,
a flat dark beer,
something kind of in the middle,
and we got something
sort of Belgian.
Sort of?
Yeah, well the light beer
comes out of the Belgian tap.
I guess it's the flat
light shit then.
A girl after my own heart.
This is gonna blow your mind.
What's the first thing
that inevitably happens
when you shop
at the farmer's market?
You eat all the delicious fruit!
- Get this.
- Three words for you.
Fruit. Cobbler. Stand.
You want me to give you
$15,000 for fruit cobbler?
- Yes.
- Yeah.
Let's just slow down
a little bit,
because I get a feeling you guys might
be going a little too fast for me.
So, I buy fruit, let's say
an apple or an orange.
Maybe even a pineapple.
Don't like pineapple.
Well, but you could,
if you wanted...
Which we've established
I don't, right?
So I buy fruit, let's say,
an apple or an orange
and your business model
is you're going to take it
and you're gonna cut it
into slices for me.
If you wanna bring that
pineapple back into the mix...
Again, I don't want
fucking pineapple,
I want apples and oranges,
so tell me, Brian,
how much is this going
to cost me, the consumer?
- Two fruits would probably be...
- Again, wasn't talking to you.
I was talking to Brian,
my brother.
Brian, tell me, how much
is this going to cost me
for you to take
my apples and oranges
and cut them into slices for me?
Uhh...
Five dollars?
And how much is the knife?
I already own a knife.
So what the fuck
is the $15,000 for?
Well, looks like it's just
me and you, sugar.
I think it's a fucking
awful idea.
Well, this is the first
step towards
localizing the return of
the goods and services economy.
There are no goods
and the only services rendered
is my idiot brother slicing up
apples and oranges for me.
Oh he can do a lot more
than just slice.
Oh, I bet he can.
No, you weren't there
when my girlfriend told me
she was leaving me
for a spoon salesman.
If you don't know what
a spoon salesman is, well,
a spoon salesman,
he sells fucking spoons.
That's what
a spoon salesman does.
I'm glad my shitty life's
amusing to you.
No, it's not that.
You're just refreshing to me,
that's all.
Tell me something, Nikki,
why am I even talking to you?
I don't even know who you are.
Dude, don't be like that,
she didn't do anything.
No, you didn't do anything.
You never do anything.
Only this time,
you not doing anything
got you hooked up
with some trailer tart
who's trying to take
money out of you
that you don't actually have.
Well done, bro.
Honey, she told me our
relationship had gotten stale.
She said that I was stale.
That's not true. Dude, there's no way.
It's a lie.
You know nothing about
community building
and creating something
organic and beautiful.
That's right, I don't, but the
cobbler commander over here,
I'm sure,
is well-versed in it.
This is why we never agree, man.
- Exactly.
- Just no...
Just wait, just wait,
okay, listen.
Don't go. Okay?
He needs you.
You know what I think?
I think you need me.
So you put him up to this and that
makes you a very, very bad person.
You have a sickness.
I can smell it on you.
Just please.
Get your fuckin' hand off me.
But I hate when that happens.
Where's the bartender?
In the back maybe,
how should I know?
Well, you got yourself
a full drink there,
I thought you'd
be a safe bet to ask.
Trust me, I ain't a safe bet.
Hey! Why don't you make
yourself useful
and go get the bartender?
You got that or you need me
to write it down for you?
Go get the fuckin' bartender.
Wow.
Yeah, you treat most girls
like that?
I don't know, you most girls?
Why don't you turn
that ass around,
we'll find out right quick.
Hey, no,
what's your problem, man?
Wow.
Wow, your boyfriend's
a little drunk, huh?
Maybe you oughta take
him home, tuck him in,
before something goes
and happens to him.
He ain't my boyfriend.
Well, maybe it's you
needs tucking in, then?
I'm sure we'd both like that.
Oh Jesus. Hey! Hey!
What?
There's some fucking
asshole out there
lookin' for a bartender
and being a jerk.
Well tell him to keep
his fucking pants on.
He just grabbed my fucking ass
and he's getting into it
with all the other customers,
the few we actually have.
Jesus Christ, okay.
I'll be out in just a sec.
Were you...
Were you just masturbating
in here?
What? No! No I wasn't
masturbating.
I mean, do whatever you want, sometimes
when I get bored, I'm not judging.
- Okay, good talk.
- But not at work!
Come on, hit me then.
You know you want to.
This isn't the 1970s, okay?
All right.
Cheers.
There ya go.
Officially been provoked.
Oh, my gosh.
Okay, well, we really should
do this again sometime.
Sit your ass down.
Your move.
Hey, calm the fuck down, okay?
Relax, buddy.
Relax, man.
Relax.
Trust me, amigo, I'm relaxed.
Get sweet pea over here to do me a solid.
Yeah, you.
Come on over,
I'm not gonna hurt you.
Closer.
Come on.
I wanna feel your breath
on my face.
I want you to lock
that door tight.
Is there a back door
to the exit?
Yeah.
Is that all of them?
Just the one.
When you're done with the front,
do the back.
You leave, she dies.
Because I care about
these people,
this town,
these streets,
this badge,
this badge
means something, Pete.
It's a privilege.
They sleep sound
in their beds at night
because they know that I'm out
there looking out for them,
and because you're out
there with me.
Because that's what we do.
That is what we do.
Meryl fucking Streep.
- Oh.
- Uh huh.
Really? Like, uh, like
"river wild" Meryl Streep?
I was gonna say "deer hunter,"
but "river wild" works, too.
Wow. Killed it.
Killed it. Yeah.
You should lead
with that tonight.
- You think so?
- Definitely.
Don's gonna give you
thespian of the week tonight.
I crushed it.
- I'm that good of an actor.
- Yes.
Toss them in.
What about you?
I actually don't have a phone.
I mean, I got
a calling card, but...
Hey Hajiv, that means you too.
Waitin' on you.
There ya go.
Cocksucker.
How about you, compadre?
He doesn't speak English, man.
Yeah? Does he speak gun?
Just leave him the fuck alone.
All right.
You got a name, barkeep?
You know, where are we anyway?
My friend, we're on the clock.
But nobody said we can't
make it go a little faster.
We're just gonna check
out this bar for a bit.
No, are you serious?
And just grab a few
for the road.
No, we can't be
drinking on the job.
- Why not?
- What are you, crazy?
No, we've been warned
way too many times.
- You heard my uncle, -yeah, I
heard him, but who's gonna know?
We're just gonna go
investigate a few beers
and then we'll be right
back at it.
I don't... I do not like it.
You know why?
Because we have a good temporary
thing going on here you know look?
Do you remember when
he called you the worst cop
he's seen in his entire
professional life?
He also called us
"team foreskin."
- Because we rub him the wrong way.
- What?
Look, we're not any good at
this, but that's okay.
They gave us guns and badges
and the whole shebang, and why?
Happenstance?
No, because we look the part.
So now we, talented actors,
are stuck keeping watch over
what is not the most peaceful
square mile in all of California.
- No. -I mean this place
looks like Chechnya.
- Like that Chinese place.
- No, not the Chinese place.
We can either go inside or we can
take another loop around the ghetto.
Your choice.
Safety.
Potential dying.
Anybody does something stupid...
And she's the one that suffers.
Now you're gonna want
to remember this part,
you may walk away
from here today,
but run as far as you can and the
memories of what happened to her
under your watch will forever
be two steps behind you.
And I shit you not.
That is is a fate worse
than death itself.
Do we have ourselves
an understanding?
I'm looking for some feedback
here on this one.
Yes.
Better. Now how about you,
Harry Potter?
- Do you think you can handle that?
- Leave him alone.
Oh. Oh yeah.
I'll leave him be.
I'm serious.
Leave her alone, all right?
Just let her go.
I said all right.
Look like you got
yourself a fan.
Lucky day.
"Jonny's sweet revenge."
What the fuck is this?
I literally just explained that.
Is this one of your oriental
massage parlors?
Seriously?
This place is always open.
Yeah, so weird.
Hey, let's bus out
and get a smoothie.
- I don't want a smoothie.
- I do.
You and your George Clooney
hair, get whatever you want.
Why don't you go ahead and get yourself
back behind that register there
and we're gonna get started.
Take it easy, man.
Take your time.
I've got all day.
What are you smiling at,
fuck face?
- Sorry man, nothing
- shut up.
Where you get your haircut at?
Supercuts?
Why don't you go fuck yourself?
That's it. Now take it
and get the fuck out of here.
Where's the rest of it?
That is the rest of it.
Where's the rest?
Guys, I've got like 50 bucks in
my pocket, you're welcome to it.
- Did I ask you to speak?
- Nope.
No, do not answer.
That was a rhetorical question.
I want to see the fucking rest
of it, there's gotta be more,
I wanna see the fucking rest.
Ask him if there's a safe.
Yeah, what about a safe?
You got like a safe in here
or something?
Yeah. There's a safe
in the back office,
but it's fucking empty,
you can take my word on that.
The boss is fucking selling
the place next month.
We're closing? When were you
gonna let me know?
Shut up, tits McGraw.
You can sing me a song later,
all right?
I wasn't supposed to say
anything,
but given the circumstances...
Look, man, what the fuck
do you want from me?
God damn it, Reni!
How the hell
was I supposed to know
there's short
of 40 bucks in the drawer?
Because this is
your fucking idea.
I didn't want to do any of this.
Oh yeah, well it hardly
took any convincing.
That's 'cause just like always,
- I just go along with the stupid
shit that you do. -Like always?
Oh, I didn't know my life was
a complete farce to you, Rick.
Please regale everyone
in the bar.
What other stupid things of mine
do you blindly go along with?
Oh, hmm, I don't know,
how about moving to Los Angeles
so you could open a designer
cupcake boutique?
- How about that one?
- How was that stupid?
You sold like five cupcakes
in the first three months
and they were all to fucking me.
How the hell was
I supposed to know
that people don't eat
that shit out here?
It's called market research.
Market research? You should
ask these guys about that.
They have the market cornered
in market research.
Nobody asked you,
so shut the fuck up.
Oh yeah, yeah, take all your
shortcomings out on other people.
That's so fucking you.
Shortcomings?
What are you talking about?
Was I the only one who failed
at what I set out to do?
Oh, no, no, I forgot. You are the
king of the fucking west coast.
Reni, I work like three
fucking jobs
and I go to night school, okay?
What else do you want from me?
End the circus, please.
I was going to pay for
that chicken sandwich
and give a tip to her
because she was really good.
- Thank you.
- Shut the fuck up.
What the fuck is your problem?
Sit your fucking ass down.
Sit your ass down.
Hey, hi, over here.
I'm a bit confused.
This beautiful girl right here,
she's my girlfriend.
Calamity Jane is supposed
to be the victim I make off with
along with the dozens of retirement
dollars that we just acquired.
It's a basic fake hostage
robbery, you know,
nobody gets hurt. What part
of this don't you understand?
All of it, maybe?
You hit me in the face
for no reason.
Oh no, there was definitely
a reason, okay?
Somebody has to get hit
in the face,
and today,
that somebody was you.
Now stop being
such a whiny little bitch.
That's vintage, Rick.
Everyone, round of applause.
Nope, stop fucking clapping.
Passive aggressiveness
at its finest,
hiding behind a veil
of spite and sarcasm
bringing others down around you to
avoid handling your own feelings.
Doctor Judith was absolutely
right about your ass.
Oh really? And when the fuck
did Dr. Judith say this, huh?
Oh, oh, so you don't
even deny it.
No. Why the fuck am I paying
this person top dollar
to talk shit behind my back
when I'm not even fucking there.
Because you are so out of touch
with your emotions
it's fucking crazy.
- Out of touch. -Sometimes I wonder
if you even have a fucking pulse.
Disconnected, really?
I just robbed a fucking bar
on a whim for you.
Because I fucking love you.
Is it love for me?
Or hate for yourself?
Doctor Judith was so...
What were you saying
about doctor Judith?
Nah.
Did that just sound
like a gunshot?
I don't really know what
a gunshot sounds like.
Probably somebody's
hoopty blasting
through an intersection.
You think maybe we should
go check it out?
No, that's what red light
cameras are for.
I'd like to let it be known
that I am
deeply, deeply
in touch with my emotions.
Can I get an amen?
Who here likes fiction?
Anyone?
Well, that's because to you, everyone
is out of touch with their emotions
because if we weren't, doctor
fuckhead wouldn't have any clients.
Don't you see what's
happening here?
Nope, not everyone is
disconnected, just you.
- Oh, is that a fact?
- 100%.
Oh, please expand on that,
by all means
because we have all fucking day.
Can I please just finish
my fucking lunch?
That is my favorite
chicken sandwich.
No, you can't.
Now sit down and shut up.
Take Charley.
N-n-no,
don't take Charley.
Charley is deeply in touch
with his emotions.
He was telling me all about
his girlfriend, his life,
shit that matters to him.
Ex-girlfriend, actually.
All that?
He said all that to you?
In the ten minutes you were
in here, huh?
Tell... tell him about the spoons Charley.
I want him to hear it.
Yeah, tell me about
the spoons, Charley.
Tell him.
We were happy or I thought
we were happy.
She apparently wasn't happy
because, like,
out of nowhere she told me
that she needed to leave me
for someone else and...
That's heartbreaking.
And meanwhile, I'm holding a gun
at people in a fucking dive bar
on account of your boredom.
I-I-i found out he sells spoons,
all right?
Fucking spoon salesman?
You mean like, door to door?
I have, honestly, no freaking
idea all right?
Hey, CHICO.
You get much in the way of spoons
salesmen around these parts?
I'm asking you
a fucking question.
I already told you he don't
speak no English, man.
He doesn't order anything,
he just sits.
He's actually one
of our better customers.
This is the kind of joint
you rob, bro.
He's spooning my girlfriend,
okay?
And you never went after her?
Find this fucking guy
and did anything about it?
What's there to do?
Fucking kill him to death with a
spatula or something how's that?
- Why? -Because she's
your fucking girlfriend.
There wasn't anything
left anymore.
Bullshit.
I call coward.
He is not a coward.
Oh, sure he isn't, whatever.
Oh yeah?
That was definitely a gunshot.
You know, I think you're right.
Should we, just, you know, maybe
go investigate or something?
Are we supposed to do that?
I think so.
Well, okay, we should probably
take the guns then.
What do you mean? You're always
supposed to take the guns.
Seriously? I've been keeping mine
in the glove box the whole time.
What are you, an idiot?
Why would you ever do that?
I don't know, I've got,
like, a thing about it.
A thing? What thing?
Like, if I'm taking a shit, I might
kick my pants and shoot my balls off.
That thing.
How do I look?
Be honest.
You look legit.
Wait.
How do I look?
Like a young Charles Bronson.
No, that doesn't work.
He's got like a mustache.
So what if he's got a 'stache?
He's got a mustache. If Meryl
Streep were a dude, she'd have one.
True, but I was thinking more...
Like John McClane.
What do you think? Right?
Yeah, come on.
I was thinking more
John McClane.
What's so funny?
You are as much Bruce Willis as I am
Eddie Murphy in "Beverly hills cop".
Yeah, okay, okay.
Eddie Murphy in "Norbit," maybe.
- I'll fucking Norbit you.
- Whoa, okay Norby me.
Oh yeah.
Your safety's on, buddy.
- Norbit somebody...
Fire that gun
one more time, huh?
- I dare you.
- Or you'll what?
What are you gonna do about it?
A lot more than Freddy fucking
feelings over there,
I tell you that much.
Freddy...
What's your name again?
Charley.
Charley is more of a man
than you'll ever be.
That's not true.
- That guy right there?
- Mm-hmm.
- Uh-huh? -Yep, because
real men have courage.
This guy right here?
This guy's courage?
Real men confront their problems
and courage is a fundamental
thing of which you lack.
This is courage?
Nope.
Does anybody else here think
that this is what
courage looks like? Anybody?
Please tell me that I'm not
out of my fucking mind here.
Oh, sandwich guy.
I totally agree.
Well, I appreciate your honesty.
Honestly, I could give
less of a shit.
I will agree with anyone who gets me
back to that table and my fucking lunch.
And then I don't have to listen
to you idiots anymore.
Well, this is what's
happening now.
Oh, as if anyone needed me
to point this out,
Rick, here, suffers from some
insane anger management issues.
Eat your fucking sandwich.
Yeah, well living with a person
like you will do that.
Another classic defense
mechanism,
it's called displacement.
Uh-huh.
- Please don't hit me again, oh god.
- Shut up.
This.
This is placement,
not displacement,
now you see doctor Judith
is wrong yet again.
You're being passive aggressive.
Nope, I am proving a point.
Give me your hand, Charley.
I don't know what you're doing.
I'm gonna help show everyone
just how courageous you are.
I'm not.
Now, you're gonna stand
there, okay.
You're gonna aim this gun,
put it right in his gut
and you're gonna point it
at Mr. Hajiv, all right?
Right about now, you're gonna
feel your balls drop.
Get nice and tight and heavy,
all right?
It's called fun and excitement.
- I don't wanna.
- No.
I don't wanna.
Well, welcome to the world
of dating.
By golly, I think our boy's
gone and grown up.
Now be quiet
and eat your fucking sandwich.
- You asshole.
- Hey, I'm sorry.
- What the fuck are you...
- Hey, come here.
- I'm sorry, buddy. -Jesus,
what's wrong with you?
- I didn't do...
- That is your fault.
- I turn right. You turn left.
- We practiced so much!
- I always...
- We practiced, man.
Shh, we have a situation,
shut up.
I swear to god!
If you do that again,
I'm going to shit in my pants.
I'm sorry, it scared me a bit.
- Please focus, for god's sake!
- Sorry. I'm trying!
Why are you still talking?
Sit down, eat your fucking
sandwich.
- Okay.
- Eat your sandwich.
Okay.
All right, you're gonna open
the door
and I'll just startle
them from behind.
Oh, so more hostages?
Oh yeah, yeah, we just keep
piling them up in here
until we get lost
in the crowd, huh?
You have a better fucking idea?
Hey, howdy.
- Hey sir.
What the fuck is going on here?
Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
Oh, my god.
Pete, he has a gun.
- It's okay.
- He's got a gun.
- It's okay, I got him.
- No, no, behind you.
Over here.
Why the hell you
pointing it at me?
Because he's standing
right behind you.
- The bullet can't just go around you.
- Oh god.
Do you not know physics?
Put the gun on her.
Oh, wow.
What a fuckabout.
Okay, folks, we have a bit
of a situation here,
so why don't we all
just take a deep breath
and chill or whatever
and somebody explain
what's happening
and we'll work through this.
Listen, those two assholes
are robbing this bar.
Fucking sellout.
I don't even fucking
know you, pal.
You're not my family.
Like you'd know anything
about that.
- Now is not the time, sweetheart.
- Yep, you know what? It is.
Because I saw you, when he pulled his
gun you went straight for the door.
She's right, man, you don't give a
shit about anyone except yourself.
Hey guys, hey, over here.
Can you do that later?
Yeah, thank you.
Uh, there's a situation.
Yeah, um, let's start with you.
You with the very large
gun over there,
why don't you put it down
and let's talk.
Oh, I can't.
They're making me courageous.
Okay, that makes no sense to me,
but whatever!
We can work with it.
That over there
is detective Jack Callahan
and I'm Pete Taverez.
We're here to diffuse
the situation
and I don't know, not let shit get
more fucked up than it already is.
So, um, let me hear you say
everything's going to be okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Not you, him.
Okay, stay calm,
everything's gonna be okay.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Good, now, we're all gonna
talk about this
like a bunch
of highly civilized...
Why the fuck would you do that?
I didn't mean to!
I'm sorry. I just was
trying to pay attention...
Under no circumstances were you
supposed to do that, Charley.
Can we put him back together? Can we?
He's gonna be okay, right?
No, he's not gonna
be fucking okay.
You just blew his head off,
all right? He's dead.
Please don't arrest me.
Why? Do, do, do,
please don't arrest me.
This guy's like really,
really dead.
Probably shorter
than he was this morning.
True.
Look, I don't know how far
you've looked ahead
or if you've even thought ahead,
but this guy's got some sort of middle
eastern Asian thing going on, right?
So what, we were just hanging
around with some white boys
who were executing an Arab
in a dive bar?
This isn't fucking Alabama.
Yeah, that certainly
adds a few wrinkles.
A few? Many.
Many wrinkles, Pete.
Cover up?
Definitely cover up.
Okay, we're gonna have
to do a few things here,
first...
Honestly, enough of that
already.
Come on, look at what we're
already dealing with.
Stop.
- Go ahead.
- Thank you.
We're gonna need everyone's
cooperation to fix this situation.
If our boss...
If our bosses...
If our bosses come in here and
see that we've let this happen,
we're done, right, Pete?
We're fucking done.
- See, detective Taverez and I...
- Mm-hmm.
We have a really nice pension
plan and health benefits
hopefully this will work
its own self out.
Myself and detective Callahan,
we're going to head out in a bit
and keep the perimeter clear,
just in case of things
happening.
Why the fuck should
we listen to you guys?
I mean, we're hostages.
Can there still be hostages?
Can I look over how completely
fucked this situation is
and ask why I don't get
a say in the matter?
Listen, we're all fucking
accomplices here, okay?
So get a fucking mop
and help clean this shit up.
Thank you. Look at who's all
coming together as a team.
It's my phone. Nobody fucking
shoot anybody in the face.
Hey, Hillary had the baby.
Everyone, he's an uncle.
I'm an uncle!
Congrats, man.
Thanks, buddy.
That's really sweet.
Look at his little cheeks.
Are you guys coming back?
Does this mean I have
to get her a present?
Are we not having the same day?
Yeah, but we could be
the sandwich guy.
Of course, you do realize
that if we don't die here today
we're going to be
accessories to murder
because clearly,
the cops are in on it.
- And do you want to know why?
- Why?
Because my fucktard brother thinks he's
the Richard Branson of fruit cobbler.
Who the fuck is Richard Branson?
Wow. How are we related?
This day's actually
shaping up quite nicely.
I just saved 15 grand.
Hey. You okay?
I'm amazing, clearly.
Anything I can do to help?
Certainly hope so. I mean
this is clearly your fault.
No, it's not.
Yeah, well...
I'm sorry.
You know, there's just
a few things in life
that a simple "I'm sorry"
doesn't cut it for
and I think that this might
be one of them.
And why not?
I didn't shoot him.
Let me think about that one.
"Um, excuse me, sir,
where are your 'I'm sorry for blowing the
Paki-fucking-Stani's head off' greeting cards,
because you know,
I browsed your entire aisle
but I just can't seem
to find the one
that portrays
this particular emotion."
Hey, hey. What's the problem
over here?
The problem?
What's the problem?
I am literally sitting
in a puddle of thoughts.
What's wrong?
We need a theme song.
Yeah, I was just thinking
the same damn thing.
We are like totally
on the same page.
I was worried, you know,
this is great.
Yeah, agreed. So something
with a driving rock beat.
Like nirvana or zeppelin.
Ew. I was thinking something
a little more contemporary,
you know, like billboard top 40.
- Top 40?
- Yeah.
You can't go bust up a shoot out with
Adele crying about her boyfriend.
- Hey!
- Whoa!
Sorry, but hey don't you dare
ever talk about her like that.
She is beautiful
and volumptuous.
Very volumptuous and talented.
Just saying that she's not who
I would want accompanying me
when I'm going balls out
in a room full of criminals.
- No, first of all, you said her.
- I didn't say...
I didn't even say Adele.
- And second first of all...
- Second of all.
Second first of all, what is
your problem with pop music?
First of all,
it's "second of all,"
and second of all
I don't have one.
Whatever!
Give me my gun.
Give it to me.
It's my gun, buddy.
Well, whatever.
You left yours in the bar.
Whoa, hey, hey folks.
Hey, hey, hey.
The area's actually been
shut down for a while.
- Whoa.
- Aah!
Whoa, whoa!
- Give me your gun.
- No.
We thought we heard
gunshots or something.
How do you guys know
what gunshots sound like?
And, uh, easy e over here been
playing laser tag with Mac ten?
- Whoa.
- Whoa!
- Don't "whoa" me.
- Whoa.
There's no need
to be aggressive.
- Why don't you show me...
- Whoa!
No need for that, okay?
He's just saying.
Yeah, I'm just saying, this
place is closed down is all.
And we're just trying
to keep a safe perimeter
for the safety
of folks like you.
Uh, renovations.
You know, power drills,
wrenches, stuff like that.
That's what you heard.
Why, what are they building?
Uhh, the bar.
The bar things.
- I like bar things. -I didn't
even know this place existed.
As far as I'm concerned,
it still doesn't.
It's disgusting.
L.A.'s best kept secret.
Shh!
Cool.
- I'm gonna tweet that.
- Tweet the shit out of that.
Can we take a selfie?
Tweet the shit out of that.
My life's ruined, you know that?
That's a pretty broad statement.
I was hiding away
from this world
never to be found like a...
Like a relic or...
A nobody.
But now thanks to you,
I'm a murderer.
There's no hiding anymore.
I'm exposed.
Maybe you are,
but you are not nobody.
You never were.
You're just not who you planned
on being at the start.
You're a lunatic.
I get it.
So, shit, maybe I am.
I think there's a little
bit of lunatic,
little bit of
sociopath in all of us.
The difference is that I'm fixing
to accept it as part of me,
and now it's your turn
to join the cause.
Want to become a murderer?
Why would anyone in their right
minds want to do that?
Okay, I put most of
the nasty pieces in a bag.
The floor...
The floor's pretty clean.
I hate to be
a Debbie downer, guys,
but it looks like
you missed a spot.
Yeah, well we didn't figure
that part out.
But in all fairness, you did
get most of the face bits up
and the chicken sandwich
is gone, so...
Great.
Great. Yeah.
Well, what are you gonna do with
the rest of the fucking body?
Why are you asking me?
Because you're the cockface
that brought a gun
into my fucking bar.
First of all, I am not
a cockface, you cockface.
Okay, enough. Why don't we
take the headless body,
put it in the plastic bag,
and then we'll just throw
him in your trunk.
That's precious.
There's no fucking way
that thing is going in my trunk.
Why don't we put him
in Grady's trunk?
Who the fuck is Grady?
Grady's the fucking owner.
You didn't think this
was his place, did you?
Well yeah,
as a matter of fact, I did.
Please.
He just works here.
Excuse me?
I don't just fucking work here,
I'm a staple of
this establishment.
I've been here for 20 years,
you, young lady, just work here.
Why don't you go piss
on all the fucking tables
and show us which ones
are yours.
Who the fuck do you think
you're talking to?
Do you know how many hot tits
I see bounce through that door?
I've outlasted every single one
of you, sweetheart,
you came with
an expiration date.
Like I give a shit.
This is just supposed
to be a stopover for me,
whereas this is your whole
fucking life and I'm sorry,
but you came with
an expiration date
and the milk's gone bad and, you
know what, Grady can go fuck himself
and so can you, for that matter.
Hold on a second, is this
Grady fella, is he here?
No, his car's been out back
for the last five days.
I am not touching that.
That is your fucking
problem, my man.
Grady keeps a spare
set of keys in the basement.
I am gonna go find them.
Good luck.
And he took me to Jack in
the box for my 22nd birthday.
- You love Jack in the box.
- Yeah, lots of people love it.
Doesn't mean they take their girlfriends
there for their 22nd birthday.
Then why didn't you tell me? I would've taken
you to, like, a taco truck or something.
You don't take your girl
for fucking street meat.
How are you wired so wrongly
you're not getting this?
He's not listening to you.
See, this is
his "tuning you out" face.
How does that look any different
than how he normally fucking looks?
I blame our mother.
What?
You didn't like her, too?
No, she was great.
She loved us to death.
So what is the problem?
That is the problem.
She loved us
too unconditionally.
It stunted his growth.
For instance, one time, when I
was 16 for her 45th birthday
I wanted to buy her a purse,
a nice purse, so I got a job
- because I wanted to buy her a coach purse.
- I like coach.
Yeah, well, Pablo Picasso, over here,
decides he's gonna finger paint a picture
of our fat fuck
next door neighbor, Chuck.
Well, what, is he super important
to you guys or something?
No, he was a fat fucking idiot
who lived next door
who ate paste
and he had this fucking dog
that would take these heaping
piles of shit on our grass.
What fucking kind of 16 year old kid
says "hi mom, thanks for being my mom"
by finger painting a picture
of a fat fucking idiot?
What, was there no macaroni
around to make her a necklace?
She loved that painting.
Didn't she?
Yes, Brian.
She did love the painting,
and that's the problem.
She loved you
too unconditionally
and you never became a man.
Guys, we need some help out
there with the...
Me, me, me.
I volunteer.
- Really? -Yes, yes, just get
me away from these guys
and don't shoot me
or fuck with me or anything
and I'll do anything you want.
All right.
All right, let's go.
Hey bud, I'd like
to volunteer, too.
I got some money
I could give you.
Really?
Wanna hold that for me?
What good is that money
gonna do?
Seriously?
All the kings horses,
all the kings men,
couldn't reattach
sandwich man's face again.
Here.
- Take this.
- What are you doing?
Take this.
This is you now.
It's Charley hart exposed.
Okay.
Okay, so lesson one, never
let yourself get distracted.
It's the difference
between being the hunter
and being the hunted.
You're doing...
You're doing things to me.
Oh, am I?
Yeah, you're doing that.
That's the problem
I find with all men.
Oh, what's that?
They're always thinking
with the wrong head.
Are you nuts? This thing
could have went off.
Oh, there's no bullets in it.
I don't have a death wish,
trust me, sugar.
You got this?
Like this?
Yeah, something like that.
Well, how do I look?
Here.
Like you.
- Hey, go to Facebook and
like my status. -Later.
No, come on!
Do it now.
Why do I have to do it now?
Because nobody likes anything,
until the first person
shows up and does it.
Fine, god.
"Staking out a potential
crime scene."
Oh wait, wait, I just got
another notification.
You tagged me in your status?
- Did you like it?
- I don't wanna like it.
Why are you being such a bitch?
Just like my fucking status.
Because.
I'm getting a little concerned
with all the people showing up.
They're like hipster zombies.
Don't acknowledge them
and they'll go away.
Zombies just don't go away
if you ignore them, Petey.
Sure they do.
That's a t-Rex because
of their poor sight.
Haven't you ever seen
"Jurassic park"? Come on.
Yeah, you're right.
Okay, I'm sorry.
- Shit, my analogy doesn't work then.
- Well no, it doesn't.
What do you want to do?
Do you have hipster t-rexs?
I don't know.
God, they're multiplying.
We should do something.
Well, what are we gonna do?
Huh?
What are you doing?
I'm communicating.
What?
Should I do it, too?
I don't know.
Oh, come on.
What now?
More blood just came out
of his head hole thing, man.
My god, fuck, I'll get some
paper towels. God damn it.
- Aw, shit, man.
- We ain't got that far to go.
Dude, I'm gonna
straight up vomit, yo.
Like, dude, I'm like
a vegan sometimes
and this man meat is fucking
gettin' in my head, dude.
Shit.
Hey man, can I ask
you a question?
Will it make a difference
if I say no?
Why do you do stuff
like this, man?
I mean, I'm not an idiot, I get that,
like, people need to make money and stuff
but it's, just, like, you don't
really seem like that type of guy.
What type of guy is that?
The type of guy that gets
in a fight with his girl
just right in front of everyone
and just kind of sorta takes it?
You don't even know
the half of it.
No, dude, I know all of it, man.
You know that girl, Nikki,
in there?
She's always on my case about
like fucking making money
or, like, getting a job,
or growing up.
Oh, my god,
it never ends with Reni.
Nothing I ever do is
ever good enough for her
or even worse, it's a doorway
to another argument.
Oh man, dude, you don't need
that sort of stress, man.
You are like, a really nice guy.
I am a really nice guy.
Yeah, a real "take home to mom"
kind of guy.
I work three jobs.
Oh yeah?
Is this one of them?
And I go to night school.
Whoop-de-fucking-do.
Dude, do not let her get you
down, all right?
What you gotta do is you
just gotta relax, okay?
You gotta freaking quit your job
or whatever you're doing
and just watch a sunrise
or, like, catch up
on some reruns, you know?
I can't fucking quit.
That's crazy.
What's crazy is you working
like a dog for some chick
that doesn't even respect you
and makes you fucking
rob dive bars.
That's what's up.
I don't do it for her.
I guess I do it for me.
That's dark, man.
You're a straight up
masochist, bro.
Hardly.
- Come on.
- All right.
One, two, three, lift.
See, part of life is doing
something with it.
No, dude, that's
that same propaganda shit.
You sound like my brother,
you gotta get
that corporate wired bullshit
out of your head, man.
They programmed you
to say that, dude.
You know if you're gonna talk
to me about sunrises
and positive vibes you gotta know
how to balance the equation first.
What do you mean by that?
How can you just take
everything in
without giving anything back?
Makes you wanna
do something you love.
Something you're
passionate about.
You know, things that add up to the
universal flow that you're going on about.
Things that would
inspire others to go
and do great things
of their own.
Otherwise, what's
the purpose of living?
That's like Monet
really appreciating art.
But never painting
anything himself,
just sit on his fucking ass
in the champs-lyses all day.
Now, I know it's
an extreme example,
but what a waste
that would have been.
- Everyone's life, it means something.
- Fuck.
If you fucking drop it again,
you can fucking clean it.
My bad, dude, it's just he's
blowing my mind over here.
And his mind's all ready been
blown, so I don't even know.
It's all right.
Why don't you run off
and go grab vin, okay?
- Yeah, I can do that.
- You clean this up.
You're not gonna
fucking help me?
Ain't my cup of tea, darlin'.
Moskowitz.
Hey, man.
Nikki.
What?
Listen, I, um...
I want to apologize.
For what?
This isn't your fault.
Um, earlier when I said
you were a bad person.
I'm sorry, okay?
You seem all right, I guess.
Well, maybe i...
Maybe I misjudged you.
You know he talks about
you all the time.
Most of the time it comes off
like he's complaining,
but it's love
if there ever was any.
- He looks up to you.
I find that hard to believe.
Seeing you was probably the only reason
he ever agreed to this whole thing
and yes, for the record,
it was my idea.
He loves you
because he doesn't
have to be you.
Martin, Martin Sullivan,
real estate developer,
MBA Stanford 2006,
b.S. In economics,
Berkeley 2001,
salutatorian George r. Wallace
high school class of '97,
football team, debate club.
How the fuck do you know that?
You could smell it on me, right?
My sickness?
Problem is...
I want more.
Just like you.
Two roads, one parallel path.
Because let's be real,
Brian's the man I'm with,
but you're the one I want.
What the fuck are you doing?
You were right about him.
He never learned
how to be a man.
What are you doing, vin?
Sorry, kids, show's over.
I wouldn't do that,
if I was you.
You know, I didn't mean anything
by what I said earlier.
I put my fucking soul
into this place
and what do I have
to show for it?
A spot in the queue behind every fake-titted
hottie looking for work in this town.
Excuse me, but my boobs
are real.
Just let us go, vin.
Your lady, she was on to something.
She's a smart one.
Wrong place...
Wrong time.
What are you doing, Charley?
I could ask you the same thing.
Look, haven't you done enough
damage for one day?
Put the fucking gun down.
Not this time.
Not last time either.
Look how well that worked out.
Don't you understand?
Grady lied to me, man.
He fucked me.
Oh, you're not the only
one with problems.
- Yeah, you got that right.
- Oh right, yeah,
because it was my idea
to close this place down.
What else is my problem?
Oh, my fucking god, it never
fucking ends with you!
Jesus Christ, you two,
we're not doing this again.
You know, I know a professional
who would really help you
get in touch
with your core values.
What the fuck?
Are you working
for this woman now?
I might as well,
she has a real job.
Did you know, that in America,
dreams aren't tendered currency?
Yeah, and how you payin'
the new bitch over here?
Designer cupcakes?
Go ahead, shoot me in the back,
won't be the first time.
Wow, look at you all noble.
Look, Grady has
the fucking money.
I don't know where it is,
but I've been trying to get
it out of him for a week.
Wait, so what are you hiding?
All right, I got him tied up.
- Who, Grady?
- -Yeah.
I've done everything north
of killing the old bastard,
been beating on him for a week.
Could've sworn that you
were just masturbating.
I wasn't fucking masturbating.
Who fucking does that at work?
Slap my ass.
I can't.
So when do I start?
Start what?
- My job at your office.
- You don't even know what I do.
Whatever, land development, property
management, whatever you do.
Don't make me tell
Brian about this.
You're one insidious bitch.
You know me and you like it.
I mean, it's all a moot point
if we don't get anything
out of him.
Am I right?
What are you saying?
Let's go meet this guy, then.
- Aah!
- Ooh!
Why'd the hell
you do that, Charley?
She told me there wasn't any bullets in it!
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was trying to give
you confidence.
How the hell am I supposed
to know that?
You're gonna point that at me?
What?
I'm just... I'm just gonna
see who's at the door, okay?
Don't you fucking leave.
What the fuck is going on here?
What? Wow, really?
Every time we come in here.
What's wrong with you people?
Let's go meet the fucking guy.
Come on.
Now that was a gunshot.
I dislike violence.
I was a vegan for a while,
at Vassar.
Yeah, man, I'm a vegan too.
Yeah, we're all kind of vegan.
Are they filming
something in there?
Fuckin' right they're shooting
something in there.
So, you guys aren't cops,
you're like actual actors.
Yes.
That's hot.
Thanks.
So Coachella this year wasn't
as good as it normally is,
but burning man is really
chill this year.
Have you ever been
to any concerts?
Like, you probably saw,
like, Elvis
or something or Mozart?
How old are you?
Oh, you probably went
to Woodstock probably,
because... or did they even have
music when you were young?
- Oh.
- -Oh, hey guys.
The fairy fucking
godmother returns.
Well, what have we here?
And they said the spice girls
would never get back together.
Been stuck down here with...
Used tampon spice.
We got fairy dragon spice,
hood rat spice.
They found him, they said he
couldn't... they found Waldo.
Waldo spice.
Fucking band's back together.
This is our big break.
Are you serious?
What do you see out there?
Well, Pete, I see
a lot of witnesses.
Really? I see
our first audience.
I mean, look at them all.
10 years from now,
they're gonna say,
"shit man,
hey, I was there."
Uh, Pete, there for what?
We go inside, we clean up the
mess, we come out heroes
and all anyone remembers, through
these guys, is us doing our thing.
We're gonna miss
don's improv class, Pete.
Fuck don, think Scorsese.
We're gonna be huge.
Huge!
You really mean that?
Yes.
- Like action stars?
- Yes.
What's our first move?
- We gotta gear up.
- Why?
Because you dropped your gun
the second you walked in there.
Wait a second, I got scared.
- I got really scared.
- I'm not blaming you.
But try to stay
in character next time.
Well, we can't go back
to the station.
Where are we gonna
get you a gun, then?
My mom.
My mom!
Are you fucking nuts?
No, my mom.
Dude, she can take out, like,
a small developing country.
You know, like, um, like Asia!
Or something, right?
- Right?
- Right. Small.
You know what, ask me.
Ask me what else I have there, man.
Just ask me.
Come on, let me hear it.
What else do you have there?
My gopro.
My gopro is there!
Holy shit.
Oh, my god.
We film the whole thing.
The greatest demo reel ever.
I love where your head's
at right now.
Oh, my god!
Yeah!
Hold on a second. Yo, hey,
anyone wanna be a P.A.?
Me, me. Pick me.
- Anyone?
- What are you doing?
- You're crewing up now.
- Okay.
Anyone? Hey yeah, uh,
you with the orange scarf.
Yeah, you, buddy, come on.
- Orange is my favorite color,
so that's good. -That's good.
That's why I picked it.
I was thinking of you. Always.
- Uh, oh, hey man.
- Uh, hey man.
Hey, we're gonna have to pull
our awesome car around
in a bit and make an entrance
I need you on crowd control.
- Control the crowd.
- Your people.
What's in it for me?
$50.
I made $400 as a stand-in in a
Cialis commercial last month.
I need five, and
the potential for a walk-on.
- Speaking part?
- Don't push it.
Don't push it.
Fine.
What do I do?
Um, I need you to get the crowd
pumped up, like totally amped.
- Okay.
And, take this.
One second.
You're sure you've got more?
You're sure your mom has more?
One second.
Of course.
- You promise?
- Yes, of course.
All right.
Keep them in line.
Welcome to the production
team, skittles.
Can I call you "skittles"?
It's a Beretta nine mil.
The name's Trevor.
- Trevor.
- Okay, skittles.
Vinny, how many years
has it been, huh?
How many years
have I overpaid your fat ass
to do the job
of a fucking autistic monkey?
I mean we only serve two drinks,
for Christ's sake, light or dark.
It ain't like you're working at the chateau
Marmont and you have to know French.
You don't even have
to know English!
For Christ's sake!
You could decide your order
with a fucking flip of a coin.
So what it's been?
10 years?
20?
And this is how you repay me.
You weren't so mouthy
before, Grady.
You were begging me
to let you go like a bitch.
Well, you'd certainly know
about that, wouldn't you?
Coming in here all bowlegged,
looking like David Crosby
after a colonoscopy.
Too bad you let tampon spice go,
we could use him.
You don't have any idea
of what I'm
talking about, do you?
It's over your head.
The vagina and its mysteries
are just an enigmatic nuance
to you, aren't they?
I'm gay.
I've been in a committed
relationship
for as long as I've been
working for this shitbag.
Oh right, right, your big
black boyfriend, precious.
His name is Douglas.
And if he heard the way you were
speaking about him he'd eat you alive.
Of course he'd eat me.
That's what he does!
He's a cock gobbler!
He's actually an incredible man.
Yeah, you get my vote
for prom queen.
Seriously, stop, stop.
He's just trying
to get you riled up, okay?
So let's just cut the shit
and get down to business.
See, I like her.
Straight to the point.
Okay, you're sitting on a lot
of cash, and we need it.
Oh, for fuck's sake, like I've been
trying to tell mother Hubbard here,
there ain't no money.
This is it.
I've been working here
for 20 years.
I do your books, Grady.
There ain't any fucking money!
So go ahead and keep
tickling me, you big Mary.
It ain't gonna change nothing.
It ain't gonna do any good.
I wish you had the nerve
you think you have.
You were a good kid.
You're a sweet kid.
You're a good man.
You don't have the nuts
to finish this.
No, but he does.
The most dangerous man
I have ever seen with a gun.
He is a flat-out
cold-blooded killer.
I've taken shits
that are scarier than him.
And bloodier.
I'm just tremblin'
in my fucking boots.
Then you haven't seen him work.
Oh, sh...
Christ, that really stings.
I'm just trying to clean it,
so I can see.
And then what?
I don't know.
I'm not the one with the gun.
I was kind of hoping
you'd know what to do?
I've actually never
been shot before.
Rick is a man of peace.
Oh yeah, you know this how?
We had this whole moment before
and, like, got to know him
and got really good vibes
off this guy.
Oh, yeah? Criminals with good vibes.
Real nice.
Just to be clear,
I am not a criminal.
That's right,
you are the man of many jobs.
I was studying
to be an architect.
And then I moved out here
because of Reni.
So night school,
I'm almost finished.
That's cool as fuck, bro.
I love it, actually.
This really amazing mixture
of science and artistic freedom.
One of the oldest professions
in the world, actually.
Oh yeah, besides prostitution.
I was watching this documentary
on the history channel
and it was called "sluts
of Mesopotamia" or something.
And, like, it was awesome.
Like yeah, anyway,
sorry, sorry,
doesn't matter, keep going.
That's all right.
You're trying to pledge this,
like, really old fraternity.
You know, the pyramids,
the Eiffel Tower,
Brooklyn bridge, Burj Khalifa.
Oh yeah, love his albums.
He's sick.
No, that's wiz Kalifa.
Burj Khalifa is one of the tallest
buildings in the world, actually.
Anyway, you're trying to make
the next great thing.
I've wanted
that for a long time.
Just got a little sidetracked.
That's a lot more noble
than I was expecting out of you.
What the hell's
going on out there?
It's getting really loud.
Hey, hey, you can't leave.
I'm not leaving,
I'm just gonna check it out.
Well, what do you see?
Bunch of hipsters, guy with
a pretty sick mustache,
some out-of-work actors,
um, hippies.
Bunch of hippies out there.
- Oh, wonderful.
- No man, they're cool guys.
- You sure about that?
- Oh, yeah.
Those are my type
of people out there.
- So.
- Get fucked, Waldo.
I have got a gun.
I've got a dick.
But neither one of us have
much need for it, do we?
Tell me where the money is.
Or... or I'll make you
tell me.
The safety's on.
I've got something for you guys
to play cops and robbers with.
Wow.
That's great, mom.
Listen, I'm sorry
it took so long,
but I had trouble
finding everything
because it's not in
your father's closet anymore.
We're gonna expand the bathroom.
Yeah, I bought me one of those huge
bathtubs with the massage jets
so I knocked out
his whole closet.
When did you decide
to do all of this, mom?
Well, he's been dead nine years,
he's not gonna miss it.
Where's all my stuff, then?
I put it in the garage.
Oh, but I had to get rid of all
your magic the gathering cards,
I mean, they were everywhere.
So I gave it to that cute little
chinkster down the street.
I mean, he doesn't seem
to have any friends either.
Mom, come on.
Oh, and I was gonna bring
your grandfather's claymores
but they were nestled, stuck,
behind your Barbie's dream castle.
Okay, can we not...
Your family is terrifying.
This is awesome.
Hey, Pete, shut up.
Did you bring the gopro?
Did you... you know the camera,
with the strappy things?
Oh, you mean the sex camera?
No, it's not sex,
we use it for biking.
Snowboarding and stuff
like that, not sex.
Oh, okay, that makes sense.
But like I'm tellin' ya,
I know you wanna be famous
but you're never gonna
be famous making a sex tape.
You know, I know your little
peepee, it's got a crook in it.
- Oh, no!
- And I think...
It's grown a lot.
A lot.
It's bigger than yours.
Uh, my cock has never been
bigger than it is right now.
Oh, I got you guys government-issue
standard Kevlar...
Jackets.
- Slip that in.
- That's for you, Pete.
That's enough.
That's enough, mom stop.
- Listen, thank you.
- G.I. Joe helmet, honey.
He loves g.I. Joe.
Such a soft little head.
There we go.
- Oh, and I'm taping the smurfs.
- Thanks, mom.
I really don't wanna hurt you.
You're a fuck up.
I am not a fuck up.
I'm a success waiting to happen.
Oh yeah, and
I'm Estelle Getty's twat.
Congratulations, kid,
you met a celebrity today.
You just made an assassin mad.
I hope you realize
that was a huge mistake,
because now
this is gonna happen.
What, are you gonna
butter my bread?
No, I'm gonna cut
your fucking ear off.
Don't do this to yourself, kid.
Wrong answer.
- Yeah, you feel anything yet?
- No, I don't.
How about now?
Ow, ow, oh, ow.
Oh, oh, oh.
You're killing me.
Could you move, maybe...
Want me to move my head?
- A little bit, I can't see.
- Which way?
- That way.
- To my left?
- Your left.
- All right.
Oh, it's getting red now.
Uh huh.
Oh yeah, wow.
And you're...
Feeling nothing.
All right, this worked a lot
better when there was some music
to listen to
and the guy was scared.
You could go outside and get
Liberace's iPod, bring it back...
Oh, I will break you, okay?
With a butter knife?
Fine.
I think your first move
is to kick a chair.
You get in there, you kick it, you
kick the fuck outta that chair.
You kick it straight across
the fucking room.
Okay, and I'm gonna look
in your eyes,
you look at my eyes and we'll
look back in your eyes...
And I'm gonna get
you on the gopro.
- It'll probably scare the shit out of him.
- Absolutely.
- I don't know, we just, like, remove
the injured hostages. -Exactly.
- So, uh...
- Yeah, what's up?
- Hey, hey guy. -So they're all ready
for you guys to come in, right?
Hey, when do I get...
When do I get to be on camera?
Uh, never?
- Never.
- Dude, you're a P.A.
You said
I'd get a walk-on.
Oh, did we sign something
saying that?
That's fucked up.
- This guy's the actor.
- That's fucked up.
I've been riling everybody
out here for you.
Look how excited they are.
Make noise.
Fine. Fine, okay, look.
We make our entrance, right?
And you come in after us.
All right. All right,
do I enter here?
- Or should I get in the car? -Don't
you fucking dare touch the car.
- Stay away from the car.
- Dare touch the fucking car.
Get out of here, go stand
with your people, okay? Fuck.
Can I keep the gun?
Is that all right?
This fucking guy. Fine, keep the
gun, but also, take my camera.
Okay, my phone, my camera phone,
2-in-1, okay? So don't damage this.
I want pictures of the entrance.
Okay?
Oh, come, come.
Now go mind the goddamn crowd!
Fucking shit.
We're gonna make a big entrance.
They're gonna come
right in here.
I do not want him in our shot.
No way, we'll cut him
out in post.
Good job, skittles!
Remember our training.
We've been taking acting
classes for three years,
for this moment.
Let's do it.
Wait.
What's our song?
You could help, by the way.
Yeah, I could,
but I am not going to.
I don't think
I like your attitude.
Well, I don't think
I like anything about you,
so I guess that makes us even.
Is that right?
Guys, could you please not?
Could I not?
Are you seriously asking
me to suppress my feelings?
- Yes.
- Dr. Judith would...
Oh, go fucking
piss on Dr. Judith.
I'm going to fucking slap
your bitch ass.
Ladies!
Do you know who I am, Grady?
Uh, Tony Bennett's
swollen prostate?
I'm the guy
who's here to kill you.
Third one today, go figure.
So you do know
what I'm doing here.
What is this?
The world's slowest
moving short bus?
I'm gonna make it
really easy for you, okay?
There. Ain't.
No.
Fucking money!
Told you he wouldn't budge.
If you'd indulge me, I'd really
like a chance to change your mind.
Go for it.
Thanks.
You hear that?
You have a cell phone?
Hey.
Who you calling?
Seor.
Where you going?
Seor!
Fuck!
Oh, jeez!
What is wrong with you people?
Because I am not staging the
biggest action sequence of my life
with fucking Kesha playing
in the background.
I said no Demi Levato,
I agreed to no Demi Levato,
but what's wrong with Kesha?
She's a fucking icon!
So was Britney Spears
for a minute,
but I don't want it
playing in my ear
while I'm tearing
the house down.
Okay, they'll be like,
"oh, what was your inspiration
for, like, saving all those
fucking people?" And I'm like
"oh, I don't know, uh,
Britney's video for 'toxic'
like really gets my balls
tied in a knot."
Better yet we'll listen
to radiohead
and get into the fetal position.
I said something with
a bad ass rock anthem!
What?
They're getting impatient.
Let's go.
- Fuck.
- Jesus, man.
Rock, paper, scissors.
One takes it.
All right?
- One takes it?
- One takes it.
- One takes it? -One, two, three,
shoot, then one takes it.
One, two, three, shoot.
Yeah! Whoo!
Rock conquers all!
You said one takes it.
- I said one.
- You said one.
That's not a one.
- You said one!
- I didn't mean it literally.
When did you
you change the rules?
You have scissors,
I automatically win by default.
Buddy, you know,
we had every intention
in approaching you like
professionals.
But it's clear to us
that you're withholding details,
which in my world is not
exactly an alluring quality.
You understand?
You see, in my world,
a world in which
I am well-versed,
this is my language.
So as far as you're concerned,
I'm fucking Rosetta stone.
Now,
I can look at a liar in the face
and tell what he's gonna say
from the second he speaks.
And you, my friend,
you're a goddamn liar.
I can smell it on you.
Funny story.
I once knew a liar.
Couldn't keep
his story straight.
So, he lost his head.
So, what's it gonna be, old man?
You gonna hang out
with our buddy down here
or are you gonna play ball?
All right.
First of all, my name's
not Grady, it's Gary.
Gary Moskowitz.
But you're a southie.
No, you putz.
I'm a Jew from New York.
Bayside, New York.
My mother died in '62,
my father picked up,
came out here
with the insurance money
and what she'd left him,
he opened this place.
It's called
"Jonny's sweet revenge"
because it was like the last
"fuck you" to the old lady.
When he died, I came out
here and took over.
That makes sense.
The pictures on the wall,
Moskowitzs in all.
What about the bank accounts?
That's all that matters.
I have gambling debts
to not-really-nice people.
Unfortunately, lady luck
has smiled on me
about as much as any other
lady in this town.
So the only entity
that's ever fucked me
on a regular basis
is the Dallas cowboys.
So now I've got the bookies up
my ass and you guys up my ass.
They all want money
that I don't have.
That's why I'm selling
the place, Princess.
I believe him.
Oh, you can't be serious.
We need something out of this.
I need something out of this.
That sounded like it
came from the bar.
- Rick.
- -Oh, no.
- You wanna untie the old man?
- -Not really.
- Oh, my god, Rick!
- Dammit.
- Fuck you.
- I'd like to see you try.
They shot me, Jesus Christ.
I don't know why.
Aw! Fuck.
I would like to propose a trade.
Whoa, you speak English, dude?
You see a guy
with Hispanic features
and assume he's Mexican?
You mean, you're not Mexican?
Well, no, I am Mexican.
I mean, my father...
My father is Mexican.
I'm from Alhambra.
Oh, I've been to Alhambra,
that exit 22 off the freeway.
They got that Jamba...
Whoa, how'd you get in?
Through the back door.
It's simple.
You get your friend back
and I get what I came for.
And what's that?
Hey, I don't give a shit.
But I'm not
a bargaining chip, okay?
I'm a human.
I'm a fucking veteran.
- Fuck you.
- You know, maybe,
you shouldn't borrow
what you can't pay back
do you have the money
or not, Grady?
How much does he owe?
$47,258.52.
So what's it gonna be?
The old man
or the walking wounded?
- The old man.
- What?
Time to go, baby.
Okay, okay.
Marsha, hold up.
You are all, without a doubt
in my mind,
the coldest, most selfish,
conniving...
- One love.
- Passive aggressive.
Passive aggressive
bottom feeders
I've ever come
across in all my years.
Make it loud!
Sometimes, I have moments
of clarity,
these great epiphanies,
where I wonder if my true
talents aren't being wasted,
if I have anything to add
to the human condition.
So, thank you
for today.
Because whenever I begin to
question my station in life,
I'm gonna think about you,
and I'm gonna be grateful
that I'm not you.
You see folks,
this is only a job,
and I'll always be me.
And when you think about it,
that's a pretty
wonderful way to be.
Yeah, that's just one guy's
opinion. Whatever dude.
- All righty then, vamanos.
Did you hear that shit?
What the fuck?
Pete, Pete, Pete!
You know what you need to do!
Shit.
I'm totally bleeding.
They killed Trevor!
Pete, who the fuck is Trevor?
Skittles,
the production assistant!
I got it on the gopro, though.
We're gonna be heroes.
Action stars.
Okay, everybody go!
I fucking love you!
Don't fucking die!
You all right, Tessa?
Yep, dandy.
Hold the phone.
Hold on.
What's happening, Pete?
Nobody shoot.
Don't you fucking move.
I didn't mean for any
of this to happen.
Tried that one already,
but nobody seems to listen.
We can work something out.
Hey.
You killed my P.A.,
motherfucker.
You can kiss my Mexican ass.
You're on Instagram, bitch!
What a bunch of fucking idiots.
Wow, you guys are
straight-up murderers.
You just shot that guy
in the head and he gave up.
I felt threatened, okay?
Do you feel threatened?
Because I felt threatened.
I feel a little bit threatened.
Where the fuck do you think
you're going?
We ain't through with you, yet.
Hey, everyone, let's just
put it down, okay?
Not you, Callahan.
Pick up the gun.
You guys put it down.
Okay, now...
Why the hell are you pointing
the gun at me?
Everyone else was taken.
You know what
they call this, Reni?
What's that?
Meaningful cooperative
experience
of the nurturing embrace
of common moral virtue.
You guys really should consider
getting new therapists.
We're not really ones to talk.
What are you talking about?
Nothing.
No, you know what, if I get shot
I am not going out
with this on my conscience.
What are you talking about?
I fucked your brother.
I fucked him in the office earlier.
I fucked him.
That's heavy.
Brian, look, it was an accident.
We were tied up and then...
She just slipped onto your dick.
Time keeps passing on,
but romance stays the same.
It really was an accident.
He's telling the truth.
It was my fault.
So what now?
What do we do now?
There is no we.
There's a you and a me.
It's over.
It was over
before we got here, huh?
This is how I die,
in a barroom massacre.
This is it.
Let's do it.
What if I had like a crazy idea?
I'm down to hear that.
Okay, so you know all those
people outside,
those are, like,
potential customers.
We were filming them.
I actually I told them this
street was closed down,
we're actually building a sound
stage inside. I'm sorry.
No man, it's okay.
Those are my people.
Like, that's the sort
of stuff they're into.
Like old divey bars
with a history.
I mean, it's just like the farmer's
market but with, like, alcohol.
I don't know how to make
this any clearer.
I'm not keeping the place.
You don't have to.
You could sell it to me.
Sully could lend me the money.
And I could run this place.
I could do it.
Yeah, I guess so, Brian.
That's all
well and good, fellas.
What about the rest of us?
Vin, you know this place
better than anyone.
You could run it.
But what about all
the dead bodies?
Blame the Mexicans.
What?
Oh shut up, like you weren't
all thinking the same thing.
We...
We can't let that fly.
- It leaves us as the morons who let it happen.
- It's not good.
Guys, I vote we just burn this
fucking place to the ground.
Leave the dead bodies inside.
What the fuck good
is that gonna do?
- The insurance money.
- -Oh, yeah, yeah.
Moskowitz can keep the money
and then we could
rebuild the bar.
Oh shit, Rick, you could help
design the new place.
That'd be awesome.
Yeah, Rick is like
a totally good architect.
I'm finishing school, but yeah.
Yeah, and then the detectives can take Rick
and Tessa out of here and look like heroes.
And then the rest of us can just escape
out back into the Mexicans' Van.
And Sully can help me make up a
nice business plan that works.
He's like crazy good
at that sort of stuff,
you guys don't even know.
What about me?
You get off clean.
That's a pretty good deal.
You know what, I want some
of that insurance money.
Oh, please,
just chill out, okay?
Tell me I got a piece of that pie
or I will shoot your ass down.
Please, do not do this.
Please.
Why the hell are
you defending them
after what they just did to you?
She's always wanted him,
or at least the idea of him.
I'll find my own
good vibe on... whatever.
I'll be fine, okay.
Just live and let die, man.
I thought you were with me.
There's something about a girl
who orders a bloody Mary.
Something mysterious.
I need that.
I am with you.
We won't get
what we came here for.
I think I already did.
I don't want their money.
What do you say?
Are you with me?
So, where next?
Well...
There's a spoon factory
I want to stop by.
Just take a second.
It's Charley hart exposed
what are you, the expert now?
No, just being me.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org